In the first video called C# VS JS Syntax, I learned some differences between the way we set up code in C# and JavaScript. 
The first difference the guy stated in the video, was that "class declarations" are seen in C#, but not seen in JavaScript.
Another big difference between these two programs, is we use var in JavaScript when giving a variable a name, but we don't use var in C#.
When beginning a function in C# we don't have to put the word "function" at the start, but in JavaScript we do.
The last difference the guy in the video stated, was the different "access modifiers" the defaults in these programs are set to. He said that in C# "the default is private," and in Javascript "the default is public."

In the next video called Conventions and Syntax, I learned first about the dot operator, which according to the guy in the video, "effectively allowing you to separate or access elements of a compound item in Unity."
The next thing the guy in the video talked about was the significance of the semicolon, which its importance according to the guy in the video is "to terminate statements."
Then the guy in the video talked about how important it is to indent some of your code, so we and others can understand it better.
Then lastly, the guy showed us how to leave comments for ourselves or others, by first putting a slash then an asterisk, and then when we are done with our comment to put an asterisk and then a slash.
He also told us that we can use comments to leave out code that we don't want to include for the time being.

In the next video called "Scope and Access Modifiers", I learned about two different "access modifiers", which are called public and private. 
This video also explained and showed me the difference between using these two modifiers. 
When we use a public modifier in our class, we can not only access the code inside this class, but also any code from other classes that are labeled public. 
However, when we use a private modifier we can't use the code outside of the class this modifier is in. 
The program we are using also can't see any code from a class with a private modifier because it is marked private. 